Seth Hatchett
Pullman, WA 99163
hatchettseth@yahoo.com
+1 509 551 9425
Full-time student working towards a degree in Software engineering. Currently working part-time as a
Panel Assembler at SEL. Hoping to gain as much experience as possible in the computer science field
before graduation.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Panel Assembler
Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories - Pullman, WA
July 2021 to Present
Connect relays and other assemblies together on panels or in cabinets with wire. Includes putting
together large assemblies, cutting and terminating wires, and crating the completed builds for shipment.
Shift Lead
Dutch Bros. Coffee - Kennewick, WA
December 2018 to April 2021
Crafted many different drinks quickly and efficiently while upholding quality conversation with customers.
As a shift lead, I lead a team of 3-6 baristas during continual 5-7 hour shifts. This included, training new
hires on recipes and customer interaction as well as supporting existing baristas in drink creation and
placement on shift.
Delivery Driver
Domino's - Kennewick, WA
June 2020 to August 2020
Delivered pizzas to houses and businesses within our area. Also took customers orders over the phone
and boxed up freshly baked pizzas in between orders. Closed most nights which also included cleaning
all the dishes, sanitizing countertops, and cleaning the floors.
Freight Team Associate
The Home Depot - Richland, WA
April 2020 to June 2020
Unloaded a truck most nights and put it's contents in their locations across the store. Learned to drive a
few smaller vehicles to help put away items higher up that couldn't be shelved yet.
Cashier
Kohl's - Richland, WA
September 2018 to January 2019
Checked customers out at the POS after they were done shopping. Folded clothes and returned misplaced
items to their locations during slow times.
Crew Member
AMC Theatres - Kennewick, WA
January 2017 to September 2018
I mostly sold food and tickets to customers and made sure that we were stocked and everything was
clean looking. Every so often I shut everything down at the end of the night and made sure it was all
clean for the next day.
Education
1 year of coursework completed in Software Engineering
Washington State University - Pullman, WA
August 2022 to Present
High school or equivalent
Southridge High School - Kennewick, WA
August 2014 to June 2018
Skills
• Solidworks (2 years)
• Microsoft Programs (word, powerpoint, excel) (2 years)
• Cash Register (4 years)
• Willing to work in a team
• Very good at organizing and managing work
• Barista Experience (2 years)
• Assembly (2 years)
• Manufacturing (2 years)
• C/C++ (1 year)
Certifications and Licenses
Food Handler
December 2017 to November 2022
Groups
Child Ministry at the Living Room Church
March 2017 to March 2020
I watched over 4th and 5th graders in my church during Sunday services whenever I was available. We
made sure they had activities to do while waiting to start the lesson and made sure conflicts with and
between the children a were solved quickly
